<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

	<head>

		<!--Tab logo and Tab Title-->
		<!--<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="ouroboros.png" sizes="20x20"/>-->
		<title> Belinda Greer </title>
		
		<!--responsive viewport-->
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
		
		<!--stylesheets-->
		<!--<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="screen.css" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="properties_ouroboros.css" />-->
		
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="myWebPage.css" />
	

	</head>
	
	<body class="gradient">
	<header>
	<h1>My Name is: Belinda Greer</h1>
				<nav>
					<ul class="drop-nav"> <!--drop down menu for small screens-->
						<button class="dropbtn">Menu</button>
						<li class="horizontal"><a href="need to link">My Projects</a></li>
						<li class="horizontal"><a href="need to link">Favourite Tech Sites</a></li>
						<li class="horizontal"><a href="need to link">My Favourite Things</a></li>
						<li class="horizontal"><a href="resume.xhtml">Resume</a></li>
					</ul>
				</nav>
	</header>
	<section>
	<h2> About Me</h2>
		
		<p>I live in South East Queensland and am studying a Bachelor of Information Technology majoring in Computer Science.
			The languages I have learned so far are javascript, jquery and C++. My GPA is 6.8
			I am an essential worker during the COVID pandemic where I work part-time for Coles Supermarkets.
			I am married to a wonderful man who is prepared to move anywhere in Australia for my work;
			and a mother of a 3 year old girl. My hobbies include pilates and ATS belly dancing.</p>
	</section>	

	<section>
		<h2>Experience</h2>
			<p>My experience in IT is working at Bunnings Callcenter between 2002 and 2005. I was young and away from my family 
			being in Western Australia and my family is in Sydney. I am also not a fan of shift work so it didn't work out well for me.</p>
			
			<p>For now I mostly work in the assisted checkouts where I am able to help people. I love assisting customers with 
			general enquiries and issues relating to the self-assist checkouts.</p>
	</section>	
			<h2>Strengths and Weaknesses</h2>
			<p>My strengths and assets are:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>Customer Service</li>
					<li>Phone Manner</li>
				</ul>
			<!--progress bar style here for levels of achievement.-->
		
	
	</body>
	<footer>
	©2021 by Belinda Greer
	</footer>

</html>